# Nameless Oracular Formula

“Get up, get up.”

A **barely**[^1] **audible**[^2] sound came from above Han Li, rousing him from his deep slumber. As soon as he opened his eyes, a huge face appeared in front of him. In shock, Han Li pushed himself backwards. Only then was he able to see that the owner of the face that had frightened him to death was the boy named Zhang Tie.

“Hurry up and come eat something. After you’ve finished, we need to see Old Mo.” Zhang Tie passed some steaming white **buns**[^3] over to Han Li.

“Where did you find this food?” Han Li stared **blankly**[^4] for a moment before accepting the buns.

“At a kitchen near the valley, I saw **a ton of**[^5] people eating food, so I also grabbed a portion. After I had finished, I realized that you hadn’t eaten yet, so I grabbed two buns for you.” Zhang Tie smiled sincerely at Han Li.

“Thank you very much, Brother Zhang.” Han Li was somewhat touched. Seeing that Zhang Tie looked quite a bit older than himself, he couldn’t help but blurt out the words “Brother Zhang.”

“No…no problem. I’m too used to labor. If I’m **idle**[^6] even for just a moment, I always feel a bit….uncomfortable. If you ever need any help in the future, don’t hesitate to tell me. I have nothing else but strength.” Zhang Tie seemed to be somewhat **embarrassed**[^7], as he began to **stammer**[^8].

Han Li hadn’t eaten breakfast or lunch and was somewhat **starved**[^9]. In just a few bites, he **devoured**[^10] one bun. With just a bit more effort, both of the large buns completely disappeared into his stomach.

“It’s getting late, we should go see Old Mo.” Han Li **burped**[^11] a few times and looked out the window towards the **setting sun**[^12]. After mentally calculating the time, he decided that it was probably about time to go see Doctor Mo.

Zhang Tie didn’t object, following Han Li to Doctor Mo’s house.

There were rows of bookshelves along all four walls of Doctor Mo’s residence. These **shelves**[^13] were **densely**[^14] packed with various books.

“Old Mo!”

“Old Mo!”

   ……

Doctor Mo’s back was tightly pressed against his chair as he was currently **engrossed in**[^15] reading the book in his hands. He didn’t seem to have noticed the two people’s arrival, nor had he heard their greetings. The two of them were still children after all, so when they saw Doctor Mo ignore them, they were at a loss on what to do, unsure of what would be **the best course of action**[^16]. Thus, they could only stand to one side and wait.

Finally, by the time Han Li’s feet had begun to turn **numb**[^17], Doctor Mo slowly placed his book down onto the table next to him. He coldly looked over at the two children and picked up his teacup to drink a few sips before slowly saying:

“From this day on, you two will be accepted as my Unofficial Disciples. I will teach you some general knowledge on picking medicinal plants and refining medicines. I may also teach you two some life-saving healing techniques. But I will absolutely not teach you any martial arts.” Doctor Mo expressionlessly put down his teacup.

“I will teach you two a set of body and spiritual cultivation chants. Although it won’t allow you to successfully **subdue**[^18] your enemy, it will strengthen your bodies. If you guys really want to learn some martial arts, you can go learn them from some other instructors. If you do so, I won’t object, but I’ll check your progression on this set of cultivation chants in half a year. If you don’t meet the standard, I’ll force you out to become an outer disciple. Do you two understand?” Doctor Mo’s tone suddenly became much more serious. It looked like he **attached**[^19] great importance to this set of chants.

“We understand.” Han Li and Zhang Tie replied in unison.

“You two should leave now. Come back tomorrow morning.” Doctor Mo waved his hands at the two of them, gesturing for them to go out. He then picked up his book and began reading it again.

Before Han Li left, he couldn’t help but glance back at the book in Doctor Mo’s hands. It was a pity that he didn’t know how to read; he could only tell that the title was made up of three large, black characters. Unfortunately, Han Li didn’t recognize them.

As soon as Han Li walked out of Doctor Mo’s residence, Han Li couldn’t help but let out the breath he had been holding. He didn’t know why, but just now, he hadn’t even dared to breathe in Doctor Mo’s presence. His mind had also been **incredibly**[^20] tensed. Now that he had left, he immediately **loosened up**[^21], returning to his normal state.

During the following few days, Han Li’s excitement never **faded**[^22]. He’d finally become a disciple of the Seven Mysteries Sect. Although he was still just an Unofficial Disciple, it was still better than the children that had been sent home. Even if he didn’t pass the test in half a year, he could still become an Outer Disciple like Third Uncle. In Han Li’s opinion, Third Uncle was a person of great status and position, so he didn’t concern himself over the examination in half a year. He even secretly hoped from the bottom of his heart that he wouldn’t pass. That way, he could leave the mountain earlier to see his parents and his most beloved younger sister.

During the following few days, Doctor Mo would teach them some medicinal knowledge in the mornings. In the afternoons, he would make them study the body’s twelve main **meridians**[^23], energy channels, and **acupoint**[^24] locations. As for the little he taught them of martial arts, he made them maintain the horse **stance**[^25] and **hit straw dummies**[^26].

A month later, the two of them were completely **isolated**[^27] from the other children. They no longer spent time learning anything else besides the chant. Ever since Doctor Mo had begun teaching them, they spent most of their time practicing the nameless chant. Doctor Mo strictly ordered them to not tell the chants to anyone else. If even a small **segment**[^28] was **leaked**[^29], Doctor Mo would **harshly**[^30] punish them and **kick**[^31] them out of his apprenticeship.

During this period of time, Han Li began to have a better understand of the Seven Mysteries Sect and Doctor Mo. The Seven Mysteries Sect had a disciple named Wang Lu, who **possessed the teachings**[^32] handed down by the Sovereign Seven Supreme. Wang Lu became the Sect Leader of the Seven Mysteries Sect, and he split the sect with the help of the three other Sect Leaders. They divided the sect into two segments – the Inner and Outer Branch. The Outer Branch had a total of four divisions, namely the Flying Bird Division, Treasure Gathering Division, Four Seas Division, and External Blade Division. The Inner Branch also had four divisions, namely the Hundred Forge Division, Seven Supreme Division, Consecrated Division, and Blood Blade Division. In addition to the Inner and Outer Branch, there was a **Council**[^33] of Elders that reported to the Vice Sect Leaders and the Sect Leader.

Doctor Mo was originally not a disciple of the Seven Mysteries Sect. A few years ago, Sect Leader Wang carelessly fell into an enemy’s **trap**[^34] while outside of the Celestial Rainbow Mountain and was heavily injured by the multiple attacks from the opposing party. As he wavered on the **brink**[^35] of death, his **allies**[^36] were unable to do anything about it. Just then, they happened to **encounter**[^37] Doctor Mo whose brilliant healing and effective medicines saved Sect Leader Wang’s life. Sect Leader Wang naturally couldn’t help but feel extremely grateful for Doctor Mo. He later found out that in addition to his **profound**[^38] medical expertise, Doctor Mo was a strong martial arts practitioner, which convinced Sect Leader Wang to invite Doctor Mo to join his sect. The elders carefully picked a small valley in the mountains to **erect**[^39] a residence specifically for Doctor Mo’s use in order to make the **shift**[^40] as comfortable as possible. The valley soon became a **venerated**[^41] place within the Seven Mysteries Sect thanks to Doctor Mo. Although none of the disciples had ever witnessed his skills, nor did they know how strong his martial arts was, Doctor Mo had used his brilliant medical expertise to save quite a few disciples’ lives. Thus, although he was normally expressionless and was a man of few words, he received a great amount of respect from the Inner Disciples.

# The Difficulties of Cultivating

Han Li slowly transferred energy from his meridians back to his Dantian. He had managed to reach the 7th cycle of Qi circulation today, and Han Li knew that his body had already reached the limit of what it could handle. If he were to try to do another cycle, all his meridians would completely **rupture**[^42], inciting a pain worse than death. Even though he was a courageous person, Han Li couldn’t help but **break out**[^43] in cold **sweat**[^44] at the thought of this pain.

It had already been half a year since Han Li joined the sect, and the official Unofficial Disciple exam had ended slightly over two months ago.

Only a small portion of the Unofficial Disciples were officially promoted to the Inner Branch. Most Unofficial Disciples weren’t able to pass this point and had no other choice but to pack their belongings and become a disciple of the Outer Branch.

The children that didn’t pass would generally enter the Treasure Gathering Division or the Flying Bird Division. For those that showed outstanding performances, they would receive another step further in their training and would then have the chance to join the more respected External Blade Division. Of course, it was only natural that the Four Seas Division was the most respected of the four Divisions, but unfortunately, they only accepted those that **made names**[^45] for themselves through their martial arts. If one didn’t have a certain level of expertise in martial arts, it was pointless for them to even dream about joining the Four Seas Division; these **immature**[^46] and inexperienced children were **even less worthy of any mention**[^47].

When Han Li recalled the details of the examination from two months ago, he couldn’t help but feel a bit frightened.

A few dozen miles away from the Celestial Rainbow Mountains was a neighboring **desolate**[^48] mountain where a group of people were **sparring**[^49]. There were a few senior disciples who **excelled**[^50] in martial arts and were **fiercely**[^51] locked in **combat**[^52]. With each and every test, Han Li couldn’t help but feel a little bit of joy at the **misery**[^53] of others.

During their entire stay at the Seven Mysteries Sect, Han Li and Zhang Tie had never taken such a terrifying test before. Doctor Mo had said that his examination would only test them on the cultivation chant, but Han Li didn’t believe the test would be as easy as it sounded. Looking back, Han Li could clearly remember the **intense**[^54] effort he had to put into his cultivation.

According to Doctor Mo, this **oracular**[^55] chant was only a single part of a set. Within half a year, Han Li and Zhang Tie had successfully **comprehended**[^56] the first layer of the cultivation chant, which Doctor Mo would be examining. If the two were able to overcome Doctor Mo’s expectations, then they could become Doctor Mo’s personal disciples and even share the same benefits as the Inner Disciples.

Not to mention, Han Li had also heard from others that the treatment the Inner Disciples and Outer Disciples received was so vastly different that it spoke volumes of how enormous of a difference there was between the two. He then realized how **ignorant**[^57] he had been and **cast away**[^58] any thoughts of becoming an Inner Disciple. Han Li would be satisfied by just joining the Seven Mysteries Sect and receiving some silver to send back to his family. Everything else had seemed **irrelevant**[^59] because, above all else, he truly desired to help his **poverty-stricken**[^60] family. His only goal was to be able to take money home so he could provide his family with a better life.

After learning Doctor Mo’s chant, Han Li had not once stopped cultivating. He spent every possible moment of day and night **relentlessly**[^61] practicing the chant. Because Doctor Mo hadn’t given them any pointers on how to cultivate, Han Li could only theorize by himself. After discussing with other young cultivators, he discovered they were using the Seven Mysteries Sect’s “Positive Yang Energy”, a self-**meditated**[^62] cultivation method.

Relying on both the chant and the Positive Yang Energy, he cultivated **assiduously**[^63] for 3 months, but Han Li was shocked to realize that his progress was extremely slow! He had spent a great deal of effort and yet he was rewarded with one small thread of cool energy inside of his body. The energy was so **infinitesimal**[^64] that he could barely notice that it was there. If he hadn’t checked his body carefully for results, he would not have noticed the **strand**[^65] of energy.

Could this be the **rumored**[^66] True Qi the instructors had talked about? Han Li suddenly came to this realization.

The other disciples cultivating the Positive Yang Energy had told him that there was a **distinct**[^67] flow of warm energy and Qi being generated within their bodies. However, the thread of energy in Han Li’s body was extremely cold, completely opposite from the energy gained from cultivating Positive Yang Energy! Looking at the results, it was obvious Han Li was very far behind the other disciples.

Those who used the True Qi from the Positive Yang Energy cultivation were able to punch a fist-sized **hole**[^68] through a small tree trunk and leap three meters into the air. Han Li, however, after circulating the strange Qi in his body, felt practically no different from his normal state. The only difference he could tell was that his spirit was more **vigorous**[^69] and his **appetite**[^70] was even more **ravenous**[^71] than before he came to the mountain. But what use was that? Seeing that the other children on the mountains were gaining ridiculous power, Han Li couldn’t help but feel **dejected**[^72].

After realizing that he had barely made any progress, Han Li had nearly given up on his several months of hard work. He thought that with such a huge **gap**[^73] between himself and the others, he would not have a chance to catch up to the other children in the remaining amount of time before Doctor Mo’s test and successfully pass it. It would be better to plan for his trip back home instead.

Incidentally, Han Li one day came across the cultivating Zhang Tie and realized something. Ever since Zhang Tie had started his cultivation with this mysterious oracular formula chant, his body showed no changes at all. There was no effect; not even a small amount of True Qi could be seen!

Knowing that he had at least succeeded in forming one strand of True Qi, Han Li regained the confidence he had thrown away earlier. With the remaining amount of time, he **furiously**[^74] tried to cultivate the oracular chant.

He worked even harder than before, training like a madman.

Han Li began to use every single second to meditate and cultivate. Even when he was sleeping, he kept his body upright in a meditative position in hopes of having even a slight breakthrough. Of course, this **intensive**[^75] training method could not be **maintained**[^76] for longer than a few days. If he strained himself past his limit, his lack of sleep would make him unable to efficiently cultivate.

What puzzled Han Li the most was that after Doctor Mo **imparted**[^77] the oracular chant to the two of them, he stopped **interacting**[^78] with them. Even their questions on cultivation had been ignored by him as if he did not even notice their existence.

Every day, Doctor Mo would bring out the book with the three black characters written on the back cover and study it, staring **intently**[^79] as if the lines of text outlined the image of a beautiful woman and the cover was made of pure gold. At the beginning, Han Li and Zhang Tie thought that Doctor Mo no longer wanted to be a medical doctor but rather was studying bitterly to pass an **imperial**[^80] exam. After the two children learned to read, however, they recognized the three words on **the back cover**[^81], which read “Scripture of Longevity.” Doctor Mo was reading a book about how to cultivate oneself to the point of extending one’s lifespan.

In that moment, the two children suddenly realized that Doctor Mo wasn’t trying to pass the imperial exam; he was trying to live thousands of years like a river turtle.

(TL: turtles were thought to be able for live for thousands of years)

# Entering the Sect as a Disciple

After half a year of **relentless**[^82] cultivation, Han Li was finally going to take Doctor Mo’s test.

Zhang Tie was **fidgeting**[^83] as he stood close to Han Li. His behavior was nothing strange. Zhang Tie had told Han Li that for the past six months, he had made no progress on the oracular chant given to them by Doctor Mo.

Han Li knew that Zhang Tie’s efforts in cultivating the oracular chant were no less **intense**[^84] than his own. Although Zhang Tie was unlike Han Li, who practiced like a madman, the efforts he **expended**[^85] could still be considered **conscientious**[^86] and **diligent**[^87]!

Strangely, the oracular chant seemed to be useless to Zhang Tie. No matter how much effort he put in, he wasn’t able to produce even the slightest amount of effects. It seems like Zhang Tie would never successfully cultivate the oracular chant.

Han Li’s mind was unsettled. He knew that Zhang Tie would probably fail the test. Even though Han Li was slightly successful in learning the oracular chant, he was not stronger than Zhang Tie in any way, so there was a high chance of both of them failing Doctor Mo’s test.

Fearing the worst, Han Li assiduously cultivated. By the time of the exam, the strange energy flowing in his body had increased by a little. If the energy was as thin as a strand of hair in the past, it was now slightly **thicker**[^88], **resembling**[^89] a thread of **cotton**[^90]. Even so, this did not **reassure**[^91] Han Li, who feared he might not pass Doctor Mo’s test.

“Are you guys prepared? Let me take a look at the fruits of your cultivation.” Doctor Mo **squinted**[^92] his eyes as he sat and coldly stared at the two of them.

“We are ready!” Han Li and Zhang Tie could only **put forth a bold face**[^93] and agree.

Doctor Mo, slowly rose from his chair and stood up. He put the book that always seemed to be nearby down on the table.

“Extend your hand”

“Circulate your Qi for me to see.”

Doctor Mo held Zhang Tie’s right wrist with one hand and placed his other hand on top of Zhang Tie’s Dantian.

After the time it took to **brew**[^94] a cup of tea, Doctor Mo **retracted**[^95] his hands and closely evaluated Zhang Tie.

Zhang Tie’s face was **flushed**[^96] as he nervously put his hands behind his back, lowering his head and not daring to look Doctor Mo in the eye. He knew Doctor Mo had most certainly discovered that he made no progress in the oracular chant and would probably punish him to teach the two of them a lesson.

“It’s your turn.”

To their surprise, Doctor Mo didn’t even show the slightest indication that he would punish Zhang Tie. Some slight hints of disappointment flashing past Doctor Mo’s eyes were the only reactions Doctor Mo had. After examining Zhang Tie, he turned to Han Li and **motioned**[^97] for him to come closer. He then held Han Li’s wrist and began the **inspection**[^98].

“His touch feels just like ice. It doesn’t feel like the touch of a living human,” Han Li mused in his mind.

The skin on Doctor Mo’s hand was **dried**[^99] and full of **calluses**[^100]. As he held Han Li’s hand, Han Li could feel slight waves of sharp pain.

Perhaps it was because the external **interference**[^101] **agitated**[^102] the energy within Han Li’s body, but the strange flow of energy actually started to circulate by itself. It flowed through his meridians and energy channels, passed all his **acupoints**[^103] from his Dantian to his head, and flowed to his four limbs. It completed a full cycle before flowing back to his Dantian. The moment the strange flow of energy circulated throughout his entire body, Han Li’s pain from Doctor Mo’s touch immediately **dissipated**[^104].

“Ai!” Doctor Mo **involuntarily**[^105] let out a sound of surprise; it appeared that he had discovered the strange flow of energy in Han Li’s body.

“Quick, circulate your energy according to that chant that I taught you once again.” Although Doctor Mo tried his best to **suppressed**[^106] his **elation**[^107], traces of madness and excitement still flashed through his eyes, causing Han Li to be secretly alarmed.

“Slowly, slowly…let me take a good look.” Doctor Mo added as his usually cold tone of voice became rushed, placing his other hand on Han Li’s Dantian.

Han Li could feel both of Doctor Mo’s hand **tremble**[^108] slightly. As Han Li circulated the strange energy, Doctor Mo became quite agitated.

“Not bad! Not bad! This feeling…this is the feeling that I wanted. I’m not wrong, I’m not mistaken! Hahaha!”

Doctor Mo, after a thorough examination, could no longer hold back and started laughing **maniacally**[^109], both his hands tightly **clutched**[^110] on Han Li’s shoulder. Even his normally **squinty**[^111] eyes enlarged as they intensely stared at Han Li. It was as if he had seen a rare and valuable treasure, his eyes flashing with **faint**[^112] traces of madness.

Han Li’s ears were ringing from Doctor Mo’s **unceasing**[^113] laughter and he felt slight pain on his shoulder. Seeing the madness in Doctor Mo’s eyes, Han Li could not help but feel terror in his heart.

“Good, very good.” From the expression on Han Li’s face, Doctor Mo could tell that he was terrified. Only then did Doctor Mo realize that he had been overeager; thus, he controlled himself and regained his **composure**[^114].

“In the future, you must work as hard as you’re working right now. From this day onwards, you will be promoted to my personal disciple.” After saying that, Doctor Mo released his tight grip on Han Li’s shoulder and proceeded to pat him in encouragement.

Doctor Mo regained his usual calm look almost as if his loss of control had never happened. But from his occasional glances at Han Li, one could tell that he was still **tremendously**[^115] excited.

“As for you…” Doctor Mo finally shifted his gaze onto Zhang Tie.

Zhang Tie was thunderstruck by the events that unfolded earlier. Seeing that Doctor Mo shifted the topic of conversation to him, Zhang Tie awoke from his **daze**[^116] **with a start**[^117].

Just thinking that he failed the assessment and would be asked to leave the mountain caused traces of **bitterness**[^118] to appear on Zhang Tie’s face as he looked at Doctor Mo.

“Your talent is questionable. Despite such a long period of time, you still could not produce even a small trace of energy. Accepting you as my personal disciple would be too much of a stretch.” Doctor Mo repeatedly shook his head.

Zhang Tie’s heart fell down to the bottom of an **abyss**[^119] after seeing Doctor Mo **shaking**[^120] his head.

But suddenly, Doctor Mo seemed to have thought of something interesting, as he gazed at Zhang Tie with a **bizarre**[^121] expression in his eyes.

“Looking at your bone structure, I may have a suitable technique for you. I just wonder if you are willing to learn from me...” Doctor Mo’s sudden shift in conversation caught everyone by surprise. It was as if Doctor Mo wanted to allow Zhang Tie to pass the test.

The moment Zhang Tie heard Doctor Mo, how could he reject the offer? He immediately gave his **consent**[^122] and said that he would be willing to learn from Doctor Mo.

“Excellent! The two of you can depart first. Tomorrow, I will hand you both new cultivation techniques.” It could be seen that Doctor Mo’s current spirits were excellent!

Han Li and Zhang Tie both looked at each other and felt that today’s test had **been full of twists and turns**[^123]. After all, both of them actually passed, leaving them both satisfied and pleased.

# Way of the Armored Elephant

Looking back, Han Li couldn’t help but give a **knowing**[^124] smile.

In the half year that Han Li spent with Zhang Tie, because their **personalities**[^125] matched well with each other, the two had naturally become very close friends.

Han Li slowly stood from his **crossed-legged**[^126] position and **rubbed**[^127] his **calves**[^128]. After sitting in the cross-legged position and meditating for a long time, his legs had become numb, and even some of his bloodstreams felt **clogged**[^129].

After **kneading**[^130] them for some time, his legs returned back to their normal state. Standing up, Han Li **dusted**[^131] himself in his usual custom before exiting the stone chamber.

Turning his head back to look at the stone chamber used for cultivation, Han Li couldn’t help but **sneer**[^132] at himself.

This entire chamber was made of solid **granite**[^133] while the doors were made of a giant piece of crocidolite. If a normal human wanted to break into this room, he or she would need to spend at least three hours **hacking**[^134] at the doors with an enormous axe.

(TL: crocidolite: <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Riebeckite>)

In the Seven Mysteries Sect, only the Sect Leader, Elders, and Division Heads were allowed to use this type of silent cultivation chamber. **Not even**[^135] Inner Disciples were allowed to use them as they pleased! This cultivation chamber was created for those practicing **profound**[^136] cultivation techniques to **guard**[^137] their practice against any external **disruption**[^138] and in order to prevent qigong **deviation**[^139]. Han Li didn’t know what methods Doctor Mo had used, but the Sect somehow granted him the usage of his own personal cultivation stone chamber, built into the side of the cliff of the God Hand Valley.

(TL: [Qigong deviation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Zou_huo_ru_mo_(medicine)) is when cultivation goes awry.)

After the cultivation chamber was built, Doctor Mo had assigned it for Han Li’s sole use. Seeing such a gift, Han Li couldn’t help but feel **humbled**[^140] by Doctor Mo’s **benevolence**[^141].

Doctor Mo’s treatment of Han Li was perhaps too good to be true. Ever since Han Li had become his official apprentice, Doctor Mo had personally dipped into his own supply of herbs for Han Li to consume. Not only that, Doctor Mo also created an unknown medicinal bath for him to soak his body in. Han Li didn’t know what types of herbs were being used, but as he watched Doctor carefully refine those herbs, his normally impassive face **revealed**[^142] a hint of **reluctance**[^143]. Even Han Li could **figure out**[^144] that these herbs were extremely valuable.

Clearly, these benefits were extremely useful to him, causing Han Li’s cultivation speed to increase **severalfold**[^145]. Han Li had recently succeeded in mastering the first layer of the mysterious formula chant imparted to him by Doctor Mo.

During his process of breaking through, his meridians had nearly ruptured several times and he had suffered from some **moderate**[^146] internal injuries. But thanks to Doctor Mo’s expertise in the healing arts, the injuries to his meridians were easily repaired, and with the aid of the medicinal herbs, Han Li did not suffer from any serious, **permanent**[^147] damage.

Every time Han Li was even slightly injured, Doctor Mo would become even more worried than Han Li himself. This worry **manifested**[^148] itself the entire time he treated Han Li, making Doctor Mo very tense. It was only when Han Li’s injuries began recovering that he let out a sigh of relief.

Doctor Mo’s concern went far beyond that of a normal relationship between master and disciple and caused Han Li to feel a little uneasy about the situation. If it were not for his Third Uncle or the fact that no one ever walked out from these valleys, Han Li would have thought that Doctor Mo was actually his long lost relative based on the attention that he had been showing to Han Li.

(TL: the author did not make it clear how Han Li’s Third Uncle prevented him from thinking this)

Walking out of the cultivation chamber, Han Li lazily **stretched**[^149] his body and walked away from the cliff. After he had become an official disciple, Han Li and Zhang Tie moved from their original **quarters**[^150] into their own personal house.

As he passed by Zhang Tie’s room, Han Li shot a glance inside.

As it turns out, Zhang Tie wasn’t inside. Han Li thought that he was probably by the Crimson Water Peak’s waterfall, cultivating his new martial arts technique.

After the examination, Doctor Mo instructed Han Li to continue practicing the oracular formula chant and refused to teach him any martial arts. However, in an attempt to **pacify**[^151] Han Li, Doctor Mo personally instructed Han Li in the art of healing **without holding anything back**[^152]. Whenever Han Li had a question about medicine, Doctor Mo would answer right away, even going as far as allowing Han Li to look through the various books in Doctor Mo’s library to find an answer to his question.

As for Zhang Tie, Doctor Mo **fulfilled**[^153] his previous promise and imparted a set of martial arts to him.

The martial arts Zhang Tie practiced was extremely **peculiar**[^154]. According to Doctor Mo, it was an extremely **obscure**[^155] branch of martial arts named the “Way of the Armored Elephant”. Even the name of this particular martial art was rarely heard of, let alone the existence of practitioners who actually cultivated it.

It differed from the martial arts of regular practitioners in Jiang Hu. Generally, the progression of cultivation for normal martial arts ranged from easy to difficult. As the level increased, so would the difficulty. Thus, the higher the level, the more effort it would take for one to achieve a breakthrough. Zhang Tie’s particular martial art style was divided into nine layers, with the initial three layers being the easiest to cultivate, following the same principle as normal martial arts. However, starting from the fourth layer, the difficulty of breaking through was increased to a **monstrous**[^156] level in addition to suffering the **excruciating**[^157] backlash caused by practicing the Way of the Armored Elephant. Many cultivators of this set of martial arts could not bear such excruciating pain and would stop their progression at the fourth level. Not to mention the 5th level nor the 6th level, the excruciating pain would only increase with each level!

(TL: Jiang Hu= World of Martial Artists)

After breaking through from the sixth layer into the seventh, there would be no further **bottlenecks**[^158], and cultivation would be much smoother. The only **drawback**[^159] was that the cultivator would need to suffer from monthly **bouts**[^160] of **intense**[^161] pain.

This **intimidated**[^162] many people who desired to cultivate the Way of the Armored Elephant. This particular branch of martial arts was slowly dying out.

This martial arts style was very peculiar. When it reached a high enough level, its strength would become truly **astounding**[^163]. It was said that those who reached the ninth layer had bodies as tough as **gemstones**[^164]. They were **impervious**[^165] to all weapons, even fire and water! Even **palms strike**[^166], fist techniques, and legendary swords and sabers wouldn’t be able to injure them.

But what made people most **envious**[^167] was that after cultivating this branch of martial art, practitioners would gain the **tremendous**[^168] strength of an elephant. After reaching a high enough level, their strength would be limitless. They were capable of catching live wolves and **ripping**[^169] tigers apart, as well as other **unparalleled**[^170] **feats**[^171].

Those who had heard of this style both feared and adored it. Other than the creator of this martial art, there was no other **individual**[^172] who had managed to cultivate it to the ninth layer. Legend has it that the creator of this martial art was born without the sense of pain! That was the reason why he was able to create such a **perverse**[^173] martial art and execute it to its greatest **potential**[^174].

Although Doctor Mo had explained the benefits and **consequences**[^175] in its entirety to Zhang Tie, Zhang Tie had no concerns about the harm it could bring to his body. He **coveted**[^176] the strength the Way of the Armored Elephant could bring him and promised right away to cultivate in this style of martial arts. Without even looking for another style suitable to him, Zhang Tie had already reached the peak of the first layer in two months.

In order to break through the first layer of the Way of the Armored Elephant, Doctor Mo had suggested that every afternoon, Zhang Tie should go to the Crimson Water Peak’s waterfall and cultivate under the impact of the **surging**[^177] waters.

According to Zhang Tie, this method really did have a godly effect. The difference between the peak of the first layer to the second layer was only **paper thin**[^178], and as long as he worked a little harder, he would break through the bottleneck **with relative ease**[^179]!

# Mysterious Bottle

Han Li slowly followed the path from the God Hand Valley out of force of habit. His steps automatically carried him towards the Crimson Water Peak.

He did not have anything important to do at the moment, and as such, he followed his normal schedule and visited Zhang Tie, who was training at the Crimson Water Peak. Zhang Tie **grimaced**[^180] in pain, allowing the impact of the waterfall to **temper**[^181] his body as he cultivated the Way of the Armored Elephant.

Not everyone could withstand the **torturous**[^182] pain from cultivating this particular martial arts. Even the first layer already required one to suffer **excruciating**[^183] pain. To reach the ninth layer, wouldn’t it require one to cultivate to the point of **insanity**[^184], losing their skin in the process?

“Hmm, I wonder if Zhang Tie already **regrets**[^185] his previous decision. The excruciating torture one had to **endure**[^186] to practice the Way of the Armored Elephant is impossible to imagine,” Han Li thought as he walked, carelessly **kicking**[^187] the fallen leaves and branches that were blocking his way.

“Maybe after a few more days, the two of us will go and beg Doctor Mo for another martial arts skill for Zhang Tie so that he won’t need to suffer from excruciating pain each time he practices.” Having absorbed himself in thought trying to think of methods to allow Zhang Tie to escape from this torturous path of practice, Han Li slowly roused himself to look at his surroundings.

Han Li **tilted**[^188] his head as he gazed at the line of trees by his side. Currently, the year was approaching the late stages of autumn. The trees' branches were all **naked**[^189] and **devoid**[^190] of leaves. Piles of **sticks**[^191] and dead leaves **layered**[^192] the small paths. Walking on them felt like walking on cotton. Han Li found this experience extremely comfortable.

In that moment, the sounds of weapons **clashing**[^193] **drifted over from**[^194] a nearby mountain peak, as well as the many loud cheers.

After hearing the noises, Han Li glanced in the direction of the mountain peak, annoyed that his good mood had been disturbed.

The noise came from disciples of the Hundred Forge Division. They were training the disciples selected to join their division in the various arts of weaponry.

Everytime Han Li saw other sect members **gathering**[^195] and **undergoing**[^196] their training **sessions**[^197], slight hints of jealousy surfaced in his heart. He wanted to **wield**[^198] a real weapon and **demonstrate**[^199] his skills as well. What a waste! After he officially became a disciple under Doctor Mo, he had been strongly forbidden from practicing such things. Doctor Mo strongly emphasized that Han Li was to devote all of his time to the nameless oracular chant.

Therefore, Han Li could only stare with wide and **envious**[^200] eyes. Occasionally, **to scratch his itch**[^201], he would borrow a few weapons from some of the other sect members he **was on good terms with**[^202] and practice with them.

How truly useful was it to cultivate the mysterious chant? Up until now, Han Li had not seen any positive effects of his **constant**[^203] cultivation. Other disciples had already strengthened their body and mastered impressive martial art techniques. If the path of martial arts was compared to a marathon, Han Li was certain that he had remained at the starting point and hadn't advanced in the least.

Even Zhang Tie, who had cultivated for two months, had some beneficial changes to show for his efforts. His skin and muscles had become tougher, and his level of strength was also noticeably higher than before.

However, if Doctor Mo had not accepted Zhang Tie as an Unofficial Disciple, he would not have passed the Unofficial Disciple Test two months ago. If he had not passed the test, then staying on the mountain would be impossible, let alone sending money back home!

If Zhang Tie was unable to cultivate another branch of martial arts, his path would be forever sealed.

On one hand, Han Li was **grumbling**[^204] about the unfairness of their situation. On the other hand, he was **reassuring**[^205] himself that since he passed Doctor Mo’s test, he would not be kicked out of the Seven Mysteries Sect.

Han Li retracted his gaze from the other sect members, but he continued to think about Doctor Mo’s **irritating**[^206] commands. **Distracted**[^207] and in low spirits, he gazed at the two lines of trees alongside the road as **pangs**[^208] of dejection **struck**[^209] him.

All of a sudden, Han Li sucked in a mouthful of cool air, his facial expression turning ugly. Out of reflex, he **squatted**[^210] down and used both his hands to tightly **clamp**[^211] on the big **toe**[^212] of his right foot, doubling over in the grass. A sudden, painful **flare-up**[^213] had caught Han Li unaware. His face became a **pale**[^214] white as waves of fiery pain **assailed**[^215] his right foot.

Evidently, Han Li had accidentally kicked against an extremely hard object hidden in the **piles**[^216] of leaves.

Han Li **arched**[^217] his body and used both of his hands to **wrap**[^218] around his foot. After he lowered his head and removed his shoes, he began to **blow**[^219] heavily on his injured toe; while his brain flooded with pain, he was worried that his **swollen**[^220] toe might have been injured to an extent that would impact his day-to-day activities

After a long moment, Han Li **craned**[^221] his neck and **peered**[^222] downwards to that pile of leaves, trying to find the **ungodly**[^223], **dastardly**[^224] stone that caused him to be injured.

Haphazardly lying about, the fallen leaves were all the same **reddish**[^225]-yellow color. They **obscured**[^226] him from finding the target he sought.

Han Li **wrinkled**[^227] his forehead and surveyed the ground before finding a slightly long and thick tree branch. Holding the branch, he stood up carefully.

Unwilling to give up, Han Li used the branch in his hands and continued to **probe**[^228] piles of leaves.

Ai! He spotted an object the size of a fist.

Han Li paused **momentarily**[^229] and considered the object in front of him. The **culprit**[^230], the **sinful**[^231] object that caused injury to his great self, actually had the shape of an **elongated**[^232] bottle. The surface of it was **stained**[^233] with mud, and its original color was impossible to **discern**[^234]. **Overall**[^235], it looked extremely commonplace.

Initially, Han Li thought that this was an ordinary little bottle, but in his hands, the bottle was extraordinary heavy, its weight vastly different from that of a normal **porcelain**[^236] bottle.

Could this bottle be made of gold? No wonder it caused so much pain when he kicked it. but.. bottles made of gold were rarely seen…

Made of gold….? Han Li’s interest in this bottle **peaked**[^237] as he temporarily forgot about the waves of pain arising from his toe.

As Han Li wiped off the **excess**[^238] layer of mud, the original color of the bottle began to **unveil**[^239] itself. The bottle **emanated**[^240] a shiny green glow, and there were **intricate**[^241] black green leaf **patterns**[^242] **engraved**[^243] on its surface. At the head of the bottle, there was a bottle cap that tightly **sealed**[^244] the mouth of the bottle.

Hmm, could the **interior**[^245] be hiding something precious? Han Li placed the bottle close to his ear and gently shook the bottle, but he didn’t feel any movements from the inside of the bottle.

Unwilling to give up, Han Li placed his hands on the cap of the bottle and tried to **pry it open**[^246]. However, no matter how hard he tried, it was to no **avail**[^247].

Curiosity was burning in his heart, and just when he was about to use another method to open it, the pain from his foot suddenly flared up again.

Damn! He had forgotten that the toe of his right leg had been injured after coming into contact with the porcelain bottle.

Looking at his injury, it seemed he could not visit Zhang Tie today. Han Li decided to return to his residence and apply some medicine on his injured toe before taking his time to figure out the secrets this mysterious bottle was holding.

In order to keep the bottle from being spotted by others, Han Li **stashed**[^248] it inside his robes regardless of how dirty the bottle was. **Turning back**[^249], he limped step by step back to his home.

:pencil:

[^1]: 几乎不
[^2]: 听得见的; 
[^3]: 圆面包;
[^4]: 呆呆地
[^5]: 大量的; 许多; 
[^6]: 闲散的
[^7]: 害羞的;
[^8]: 口吃;
[^9]: 饿死;
[^10]: 吞噬;
[^11]: 打嗝;
[^12]: 夕阳; 
[^13]: 架子
[^14]: 浓密地，稠密地
[^15]: 全神贯注
[^16]: 最佳行动方案
[^17]: 麻木的; 失去知觉的;
[^18]: 制伏; 征服;
[^19]: 重视;
[^20]: 极端地; 极其; 
[^21]: 放松
[^22]: 衰退
[^23]: 经络
[^24]: 穴位;
[^25]: 站立姿势
[^26]: 击中稻草假人
[^27]: 脱离;
[^28]: 部分; 份; 片; 段;
[^29]: 漏; 渗漏; 
[^30]: 严厉地；
[^31]: 踢;
[^32]: 拥有教义
[^33]: 委员会;
[^34]: 陷阱
[^35]: 危险的，或令人兴奋的处境的) 边缘
[^36]: 盟友，支持者;
[^37]: 偶然碰到; 意外地遇见; 与…邂逅
[^38]: 知识渊博的; 理解深刻的;
[^39]: 建立; 建造
[^40]: 转移
[^41]: 敬重; 崇敬; 敬仰; 
[^42]: 断裂，裂开，破裂;
[^43]: 布满（汗水）;
[^44]: 汗; 出汗
[^45]: 成名
[^46]: 不成熟的，不够老练的
[^47]: 更不值得一提
[^48]: 无人居住的;
[^49]: 对打
[^50]: 擅长; 善于
[^51]: 猛烈地；
[^52]: 搏斗; 打仗; 战斗;
[^53]: 不幸的事; 
[^54]: 很大的;
[^55]: 高深莫测的; 
[^56]: 理解; 领悟; 懂
[^57]: 无知的;
[^58]: 扔掉；抛弃；
[^59]: 无关紧要的; 不相关的;
[^60]: 一贫如洗的; 
[^61]: 无情地; 
[^62]: 冥想; 沉思;
[^63]: 用功地；勤勉地; 
[^64]: 极小的; 微量的; 
[^65]: 缕;
[^66]: 谣传; 
[^67]: 清晰的; 清楚的
[^68]: 洞; 孔
[^69]: 精力充沛的;
[^70]: 食欲; 胃口
[^71]: 十分的; 
[^72]: 沮丧的;
[^73]: 隔阂; 差距; 
[^74]: 猛烈地;
[^75]: 短时间内集中紧张进行的
[^76]: 维持; 保持; 
[^77]: 传授
[^78]: 交流; 沟通
[^79]: 专心地
[^80]: 帝国的; 皇帝的;
[^81]: 封底
[^82]: 不停的
[^83]: 坐立不安; 烦躁
[^84]: 十分强烈的
[^85]: 花费;
[^86]: 勤勉认真的; 一丝不苟的;
[^87]: 勤勉的; 刻苦的; 
[^88]: 厚的; 粗的;
[^89]: 看起来像
[^90]: 棉
[^91]: 使…安心; 打消…的疑虑; 
[^92]: 瞇着眼睛看
[^93]: 硬着头皮
[^94]: 冲泡; 沏; 
[^95]: 撤销，收回
[^96]: 发红; 脸红
[^97]: 做动作，示意; 
[^98]: 视察; 检查;
[^99]: 干的，脱水的; 
[^100]: 老茧
[^101]: 干涉; 干预; 介入; (无线电信号的) 干扰
[^102]: 焦虑不安的; 激动的; 
[^103]: 穴位
[^104]: 消散，消失;
[^105]: 非自愿地;
[^106]: 控制
[^107]: 兴高采烈;
[^108]: 颤抖
[^109]: 疯狂地; 
[^110]: 抓紧
[^111]: 斜视的
[^112]: 微弱的，不清楚的; 微小的; 
[^113]: 持续不断的; 连绵不绝的; 
[^114]: 沉着; 镇静; 镇定
[^115]: 非常地; 极地; 
[^116]: 恍惚; 迷乱
[^117]: 吃惊; 惊跳
[^118]: 苦味；痛苦
[^119]: 深渊; 
[^120]: 摇动
[^121]: 极其怪诞的; 异乎寻常的; 
[^122]: 同意
[^123]: 充满曲折
[^124]: 会意的; 心照不宣的
[^125]: 性格
[^126]: 盘着腿的, 翘着腿的
[^127]: 擦; 磨; 搓
[^128]: 小腿肚
[^129]: 阻塞，堵塞
[^130]: 揉，捏
[^131]: 擦灰; 掸去;
[^132]: 嘲笑; 讥讽; 嗤笑
[^133]: 花岗岩; 花岗石
[^134]: 砍; 劈;
[^135]: 甚至不
[^136]: 玄奥的; 
[^137]: 守卫; 保卫
[^138]: 中断; 扰乱;
[^139]: 偏差; 
[^140]: 使感到卑微;
[^141]: 仁爱; 善行; 
[^142]: 显示; 
[^143]: 不情愿; 
[^144]: 理解; 
[^145]: 几倍地; 
[^146]: 不激烈的; 不偏激的
[^147]: 长久的; 
[^148]: 表明
[^149]: 伸了伸懒腰
[^150]: 住处
[^151]: 抚慰;
[^152]: 没有丝毫保留
[^153]: 实现; 履行;
[^154]: 怪异的; 奇怪的; 不寻常的;
[^155]: 鲜为人知的;
[^156]: 骇人的;
[^157]: 极痛苦的;
[^158]: 瓶颈，障碍
[^159]: 缺点; 不利条件;
[^160]: 一阵
[^161]: 十分强烈的;
[^162]: 恐吓; 威胁; 
[^163]: 令人震惊的; 使大吃一惊的
[^164]: 宝石; 
[^165]: 不受影响的;
[^166]: 手掌打击 
[^167]: 羡慕的; 忌妒的; 
[^168]: 巨大的; 
[^169]: 撕破，裂开
[^170]: 无比的; 无双的; 
[^171]: 技艺; 武艺;
[^172]: 个人
[^173]: 不通情理的; 
[^174]: 潜力;
[^175]: 后果;
[^176]: 渴望;
[^177]: 涌; 汹涌; 涌动;
[^178]: 薄如纸的;
[^179]: 相对容易
[^180]: 因痛苦、厌恶等) 做鬼脸
[^181]: 使(金属)回火;
[^182]: 折磨人的;
[^183]: 极痛苦的;
[^184]: 精神错乱;
[^185]: 懊悔;
[^186]: 忍耐; 忍受
[^187]: 踢; 踹; 踢蹬
[^188]: 倾斜
[^189]: 裸体的; 裸露的;
[^190]: 完全没有; 缺乏; 
[^191]: 枝条;
[^192]: 把…分层堆放; 
[^193]: 打斗; 冲突;
[^194]: 从…漂过来
[^195]: 集会
[^196]: 经历，经受
[^197]: 会议
[^198]: 拥有
[^199]: 表达; 表露
[^200]: 羡慕的; 忌妒的; 
[^201]: 抓挠他的痒
[^202]: 与…保持良好关系
[^203]: 不断的;
[^204]: 发牢骚;
[^205]: 使…安心
[^206]: 恼人的;
[^207]: 注意力分散的;
[^208]: 突然的疼痛
[^209]: 撞; 碰;
[^210]: 蹲坐; 蹲
[^211]: 夹紧
[^212]: 脚趾
[^213]: 爆发; 突发
[^214]: 灰白的; 苍白的;
[^215]: 攻击; 抨击;
[^216]: 堆放; 摞起;
[^217]: 成弓形;
[^218]: 包，裹
[^219]: 吹;
[^220]: 肿胀的
[^221]: 探着身子
[^222]: 仔细看; 端详; 
[^223]: 邪恶的; 
[^224]: 邪恶残忍的
[^225]: 微红的; 
[^226]: 使费解; 
[^227]: 起皱纹;
[^228]: 探查，查看; 
[^229]: 立即; 马上; 
[^230]: 罪犯
[^231]: 不道德的; 邪恶的; 
[^232]: 细长的;
[^233]: 玷污; 留下污渍
[^234]: 看出，分辨出
[^235]: 大致上; 总体上; 
[^236]: 普通的; 普遍的; 
[^237]: 达到高峰; 达到最高值;
[^238]: 附加的;
[^239]: 揭开…上的覆盖物
[^240]: 产生; 表现; 显示
[^241]: 错综复杂的; 
[^242]: 图案; 花样; 式样
[^243]: 在…上雕刻
[^244]: 封上
[^245]: 内部;
[^246]: 撬开它 
[^247]: 效用;
[^248]: 存放; 贮藏; 隐藏; 
[^249]: 折回